BENCHMARKS.md, before:

## Crunch Benchmarks

| File                | Size In      | Size Out         |  % Original Size   |  DSSIM         |
| :-----------------: | ------------:| ----------------:| :----------------: | :------------: |
| 01-c3-c0.png        |  18623       |  9325            |  50.07%            |  0.00027151    |
| 02-c4-c0.png        |  2794        |  1100            |  39.37%            |  0.00000754    |
| 03-c6-c2.png        |  12771       |  4175            |  32.69%            |  0.00000769    |
| 04-c2-f0-f5.png     |  1539        |  569             |  36.97%            |  0.00000000    |
| 05-c3-c2.png        |  1416        |  751             |  53.04%            |  0.00012144    |
| 06-c6-c3.png        |  12346       |  6809            |  55.15%            |  0.00008878    |
| 07-c4-c3.png        |  15280       |  7167            |  46.90%            |  0.00002324    |
| 08-c0-c3.png        |  15855       |  11836           |  74.65%            |  0.00008729    |
| 09-c3-tronc.png     |  3842        |  2437            |  63.43%            |  0.00005157    |
| 10-c3-t-first.png   |  2893        |  1214            |  41.96%            |  0.00001440    |
| 11-8-to-4bit.png    |  3036        |  1346            |  44.33%            |  0.00000000    |
| 12-4-to-8bit.png    |  11667       |  9875            |  84.64%            |  0.00006822    |
| 13-idat.png         |  7828        |   997            |  12.74%            |  0.00000994    |
| 14-chunks.png       |  2032        |   997            |  49.06%            |  0.00000994    |
| 15-pal-org.png      |  24551       |  16017           |  65.24%            |  0.00016014    |
| 16-pal-org-t.png    |  24795       |  16133           |  65.07%            |  0.00014012    |
| 17-pal-dup.png      |  3032        |  1346            |  44.39%            |  0.00000000    |
| 18-c2-c3-f.png      |  28840       |  12206           |  42.32%            |  0.00017952    |
| 19-c6-c3-f.png      |  31691       |  11829           |  37.33%            |  0.00016088    |
| 20-c6-c4.png        |  34975       |  16717           |  47.80%            |  0.00003876    |
| 21-rgbdata.png      |  49515       |  37759           |  76.26%            |  0.00000000    |
| **Mean**            |     --       |   --             |  **50.64%**        |  --            |


## Crunch Optimization vs. Other Commonly Used Applications

| File                | Crunch        | ImageOptim       |  OptiPNG            |  PNGOUT       | PNGCrush    |
| :-----------------: | :------------:| :---------------:| :----------------: | :------------: | :---------: |
| 01-c3-c0.png        |  50.07%       |  58.70%          |  64.17%            |   83.83%       |  88.35%     |
| 02-c4-c0.png        |  39.37%       |  45.92%          |  48.85%            |   76.77%       |  66.00%     |
| 03-c6-c2.png        |  32.69%       |  62.03%          |  70.56%            |   81.87%       |  70.60%     |
| 04-c2-f0-f5.png     |  36.97%       |  35.61%          |  37.23%            |   83.82%       |  37.17%     |
| 05-c3-c2.png        |  53.04%       |  37.50%          |  78.67%            |   100.00%      |  78.53%     |
| 06-c6-c3.png        |  55.15%       |  61.03%          |  63.67%            |   75.06%       |  80.77%     |
| 07-c4-c3.png        |  46.90%       |  68.63%          |  74.24%            |   79.99%       |  85.62%     |
| 08-c0-c3.png        |  74.65%       |  85.64%          |  88.47%            |   93.52%       |  88.49%     |
| 09-c3-tronc.png     |  63.43%       |  66.74%          |  73.06%            |   67.10%       |  73.19%     |
| 10-c3-t-first.png   |  41.96%       |  76.36%          |  79.47%            |   81.68%       |  79.47%     |
| 11-8-to-4bit.png    |  44.33%       |  44.01%          |  73.62%            |   50.92%       |  57.35%     |
| 12-4-to-8bit.png    |  84.64%       |  82.72%          |  89.23%            |   87.98%       |  89.23%     |
| 13-idat.png         |  12.74%       |  15.24%          |  16.88%            |   15.69%       |  16.88%     |
| 14-chunks.png       |  49.06%       |  58.56%          |  88.93%            |   60.43%       |  87.70%     |
| 15-pal-org.png      |  65.24%       |  90.17%          |  96.51%            |   91.54%       |  95.65%     |
| 16-pal-org-t.png    |  65.07%       |  91.27%          |  97.81%            |   91.49%       |  96.97%     |
| 17-pal-dup.png      |  44.39%       |  44.36%          |  49.80%            |   50.36%       |  57.85%     |
| 18-c2-c3-f.png      |  42.32%       |  61.76%          |  61.24%            |   78.54%       |  83.42%     |
| 19-c6-c3-f.png      |  37.33%       |  56.62%          |  50.11%            |   77.10%       |  79.23%     |
| 20-c6-c4.png        |  47.80%       |  59.95%          |  64.19%            |   78.64%       |  64.31%     |
| 21-rgbdata.png      |  76.26%       |  76.26%          |  88.24%            |   85.78%       |  82.53%     |
| **Mean**            |  **50.64%**   |   **60.91%**     |  **69.28%**        |  **75.81%**    | **74.25%**  |

Commit message:

added benchmark description for Crunch analyses

BENCHMARKS.md, after:

## Crunch Benchmarks

PNG optimization benchmarks were executed with Crunch v0.9.0.  They use [the PNG Test Corpus files](http://css-ig.net/images/png-test-corpus.zip) that are maintained by css-ig.net.  A broad analysis of available PNG optimization tools is available [here](http://css-ig.net/png-tools-overview) for additional reference.

In the following table, `Size In` and `Size Out` represent the original and optimized file size in bytes, respectively.  `%Original Size` is the percent of the original file size in bytes represented by the final optimized file size.  A lower value is better.

The `DSSIM` value is a measure of dissimilarity between two PNG images. It uses [the SSIM algorithm](https://ece.uwaterloo.ca/%7Ez70wang/research/ssim/) and is calculated with [the open source dssim tool](https://github.com/pornel/dssim) by [@pornel](https://github.com/pornel).  This is calculated from the optimized file using the original file as a reference.  Interpretation is as follows (from the dssim README):

> The value returned is 1/SSIM-1, where 0 means identical image, and >0 (unbounded) is amount of difference. 

| File                | Size In      | Size Out         |  % Original Size   |  DSSIM         |
| :-----------------: | ------------:| ----------------:| :----------------: | :------------: |
| 01-c3-c0.png        |  18623       |  9325            |  50.07%            |  0.00027151    |
| 02-c4-c0.png        |  2794        |  1100            |  39.37%            |  0.00000754    |
| 03-c6-c2.png        |  12771       |  4175            |  32.69%            |  0.00000769    |
| 04-c2-f0-f5.png     |  1539        |  569             |  36.97%            |  0.00000000    |
| 05-c3-c2.png        |  1416        |  751             |  53.04%            |  0.00012144    |
| 06-c6-c3.png        |  12346       |  6809            |  55.15%            |  0.00008878    |
| 07-c4-c3.png        |  15280       |  7167            |  46.90%            |  0.00002324    |
| 08-c0-c3.png        |  15855       |  11836           |  74.65%            |  0.00008729    |
| 09-c3-tronc.png     |  3842        |  2437            |  63.43%            |  0.00005157    |
| 10-c3-t-first.png   |  2893        |  1214            |  41.96%            |  0.00001440    |
| 11-8-to-4bit.png    |  3036        |  1346            |  44.33%            |  0.00000000    |
| 12-4-to-8bit.png    |  11667       |  9875            |  84.64%            |  0.00006822    |
| 13-idat.png         |  7828        |   997            |  12.74%            |  0.00000994    |
| 14-chunks.png       |  2032        |   997            |  49.06%            |  0.00000994    |
| 15-pal-org.png      |  24551       |  16017           |  65.24%            |  0.00016014    |
| 16-pal-org-t.png    |  24795       |  16133           |  65.07%            |  0.00014012    |
| 17-pal-dup.png      |  3032        |  1346            |  44.39%            |  0.00000000    |
| 18-c2-c3-f.png      |  28840       |  12206           |  42.32%            |  0.00017952    |
| 19-c6-c3-f.png      |  31691       |  11829           |  37.33%            |  0.00016088    |
| 20-c6-c4.png        |  34975       |  16717           |  47.80%            |  0.00003876    |
| 21-rgbdata.png      |  49515       |  37759           |  76.26%            |  0.00000000    |
| **Mean**            |     --       |   --             |  **50.64%**        |  --            |


## Crunch Optimization vs. Other Commonly Used Applications

| File                | Crunch        | ImageOptim       |  OptiPNG            |  PNGOUT       | PNGCrush    |
| :-----------------: | :------------:| :---------------:| :----------------: | :------------: | :---------: |
| 01-c3-c0.png        |  50.07%       |  58.70%          |  64.17%            |   83.83%       |  88.35%     |
| 02-c4-c0.png        |  39.37%       |  45.92%          |  48.85%            |   76.77%       |  66.00%     |
| 03-c6-c2.png        |  32.69%       |  62.03%          |  70.56%            |   81.87%       |  70.60%     |
| 04-c2-f0-f5.png     |  36.97%       |  35.61%          |  37.23%            |   83.82%       |  37.17%     |
| 05-c3-c2.png        |  53.04%       |  37.50%          |  78.67%            |   100.00%      |  78.53%     |
| 06-c6-c3.png        |  55.15%       |  61.03%          |  63.67%            |   75.06%       |  80.77%     |
| 07-c4-c3.png        |  46.90%       |  68.63%          |  74.24%            |   79.99%       |  85.62%     |
| 08-c0-c3.png        |  74.65%       |  85.64%          |  88.47%            |   93.52%       |  88.49%     |
| 09-c3-tronc.png     |  63.43%       |  66.74%          |  73.06%            |   67.10%       |  73.19%     |
| 10-c3-t-first.png   |  41.96%       |  76.36%          |  79.47%            |   81.68%       |  79.47%     |
| 11-8-to-4bit.png    |  44.33%       |  44.01%          |  73.62%            |   50.92%       |  57.35%     |
| 12-4-to-8bit.png    |  84.64%       |  82.72%          |  89.23%            |   87.98%       |  89.23%     |
| 13-idat.png         |  12.74%       |  15.24%          |  16.88%            |   15.69%       |  16.88%     |
| 14-chunks.png       |  49.06%       |  58.56%          |  88.93%            |   60.43%       |  87.70%     |
| 15-pal-org.png      |  65.24%       |  90.17%          |  96.51%            |   91.54%       |  95.65%     |
| 16-pal-org-t.png    |  65.07%       |  91.27%          |  97.81%            |   91.49%       |  96.97%     |
| 17-pal-dup.png      |  44.39%       |  44.36%          |  49.80%            |   50.36%       |  57.85%     |
| 18-c2-c3-f.png      |  42.32%       |  61.76%          |  61.24%            |   78.54%       |  83.42%     |
| 19-c6-c3-f.png      |  37.33%       |  56.62%          |  50.11%            |   77.10%       |  79.23%     |
| 20-c6-c4.png        |  47.80%       |  59.95%          |  64.19%            |   78.64%       |  64.31%     |
| 21-rgbdata.png      |  76.26%       |  76.26%          |  88.24%            |   85.78%       |  82.53%     |
| **Mean**            |  **50.64%**   |   **60.91%**     |  **69.28%**        |  **75.81%**    | **74.25%**  |
