README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/header-img-crunch.png" alt="Crunch PNG file optimization" width="250"><img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/slowdots.gif" alt="Crunch PNG file optimization" width="100">
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/header-arrow-crunch.png" alt="Crunch PNG file optimization">

## About

Crunch is a macOS tool for lossy PNG image file optimization.  It combines selective bit depth, color type, and color palette reduction with zopfli DEFLATE compression algorithm encoding using embedded versions of the pngquant and zopflipng PNG optimization tools.  This leads to a significant file size gain at the expense of a relatively modest decrease in image quality (see [example images](#examples) below).

Mean percent original file size for the 21 files included in Cédric Louvrier's [PNG Test Corpus files](http://css-ig.net/images/png-test-corpus.zip) with Crunch v0.9.0 vs. other commonly used PNG optimization applications are:

|                     | Crunch        | ImageOptim       |  OptiPNG           |  PNGOUT        | PNGCrush    |
| :-----------------: | :------------:| :---------------:| :----------------: | :------------: | :---------: |
| **Mean**            |    50.64%     |     60.91%       |    69.28%          |    75.81%      |   74.25%    |


Full benchmarks with Crunch v0.9.0 are available [here](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/blob/master/BENCHMARKS.md).


## Install

Want to kick the tires?  Choose one of the methods below:

### 1. Install with Hombrew Cask Package Manager (Recommended)

```
$ brew cask install crunch
```

Note that you must use `brew cask install` and not `brew install`!


Following your install you can upgrade to the latest version with:

```
$ brew cask uninstall crunch && brew cask install crunch
```


### 2. Install with dmg Installer

**NOTE**: Active bug with pngquant library dependencies using this install approach - See [Issue Report #7](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/issues/7) before use.  Fix is in the works.

[Download the dmg installer](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/releases/download/v1.0.0/Crunch-Installer.dmg), click it, and drag the Crunch icon to your Applications directory.

Upgrade by following the same instructions and allowing the new version to replace the old version on your system.

## Contents

- [Examples](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#examples)
	- [Photography Examples](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#photography-examples)
	- [Illustration Examples](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#illustration-examples)
- [Usage](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#usage)
- [Issues](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#issues)
- [Licenses](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#licenses)

## Examples

The following examples demonstrate the benefits and disadvantages of the current iteration of this aggressive space saving lossy optimization strategy.  In many cases, optimization with Crunch will lead to excellent space savings and an imperceptible decrease in image quality.  In some cases, it does not (see the horizon line + clouds in the prairie photo below) .  Experiment with the image types that you use and please submit an issue report with examples of any images where the image quality falls short of your expectations for production ready files.

## Photography Examples

### Cat Image

- Original Size: 583,398 bytes
- Optimized Size: 196,421 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.001504

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/cat-1285634_640.png" alt="cat example pre optimization">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/cat-1285634_640-crunch.png" alt="cat example post optimization">

### Sun's Rays

- Original Size: 138,272
- Optimized Size: 64,947
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.000913

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/suns-rays-478249_640.png" alt="sun rays example pre optimization">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/suns-rays-478249_640-crunch.png" alt="sun rays example pre optimization">


### Prairie Image

- Original Size: 196,794 bytes
- Optimized Size: 77,595 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.002988

##### Original

<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/prairie-679014_640.png" alt="prarie example pre optimization">

##### Optimized

<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/prairie-679014_640-crunch.png" alt="prarie example post optimization">



## Illustration Examples

### Robot Image

- Original Size: 197,193 bytes
- Optimized Size: 67,632 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.000163

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/robot-1214536_640.png" alt="robot example pre optimization">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/robot-1214536_640-crunch.png" alt="robot example post optimization">

### Color Circle Image

- Original Size: 249,251 bytes
- Optiimized Size: 67,225 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.002503

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/colors-157474_640.png" alt="colors example pre optimization">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/colors-157474_640-crunch.png" alt="colors example post optimization">


### Flowers Image

- Original Size: 440,126 bytes
- Optimized Size: 197,045 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.000481

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/flowers-67839_640.png" alt="748">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/flowers-67839_640-crunch.png" alt="748">


<small>All images above were obtained from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com) and are dedicated to the public domain under the [CC0 Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).


## Usage

Drag and drop your PNG images onto the Crunch window:

<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/crunch-ss.gif" alt="Crunch PNG image optimization usage" width="400">

Your optimized file is saved in the same directory as the original file with the modified path `[original filename]-crunch.png`.

## Issues

Please [create a new issue report](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/issues/new) on the Github issue tracker.

## Licenses

Crunch is licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

#### Embedded Software

pngquant is licensed under the [Gnu General Public License, version 3](https://github.com/pornel/pngquant/blob/master/COPYRIGHT).  The pngquant source code is available [here](https://github.com/pornel/pngquant).

zopflipng is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).  The zopflipng source code is available [here](https://github.com/google/zopfli).

See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) document for details and additional licensing information for this project.

## Acknowledgments

Crunch is a simple tool that makes excellent, free, open source software built by others accessible through a GUI. The hard work on the optimization engines that run Crunch have been performed by:

- Lode Vandevenne, Jyrki Alakuijala, and the [zopfli project contributors](https://github.com/google/zopfli/graphs/contributors)
- Kornel Lesiński and the [pngquant project contributors](https://github.com/kornelski/pngquant/graphs/contributors)

Commit message:

remove outdated benchmark data from readme
Requires updated comparisons including against lossy approach that is now available in ImageOptim https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/issues/5

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/header-img-crunch.png" alt="Crunch PNG file optimization" width="250"><img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/slowdots.gif" alt="Crunch PNG file optimization" width="100">
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/header-arrow-crunch.png" alt="Crunch PNG file optimization">

## About

Crunch is a macOS tool for lossy PNG image file optimization.  It combines selective bit depth, color type, and color palette reduction with zopfli DEFLATE compression algorithm encoding using embedded versions of the pngquant and zopflipng PNG optimization tools.  This approach leads to a significant file size gain relative to lossless approaches at the expense of a relatively modest decrease in image quality (see [example images](#examples) below).

Historical benchmarks against (in some cases) previous versions of other commonly used PNG optimization software are available in [BENCHMARKS.md](BENCHMARKS.md).

## Install

Want to kick the tires?  Choose one of the methods below:

### 1. Install with Hombrew Cask Package Manager (Recommended)

```
$ brew cask install crunch
```

Note that you must use `brew cask install` and not `brew install`!


Following your install you can upgrade to the latest version with:

```
$ brew cask uninstall crunch && brew cask install crunch
```


### 2. Install with dmg Installer

**NOTE**: Active bug with pngquant library dependencies using this install approach - See [Issue Report #7](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/issues/7) before use.  Fix is in the works.

[Download the dmg installer](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/releases/download/v1.0.0/Crunch-Installer.dmg), click it, and drag the Crunch icon to your Applications directory.

Upgrade by following the same instructions and allowing the new version to replace the old version on your system.

## Contents

- [Examples](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#examples)
	- [Photography Examples](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#photography-examples)
	- [Illustration Examples](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#illustration-examples)
- [Usage](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#usage)
- [Issues](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#issues)
- [Licenses](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch#licenses)

## Examples

The following examples demonstrate the benefits and disadvantages of the current iteration of this aggressive space saving lossy optimization strategy.  In many cases, optimization with Crunch will lead to excellent space savings and an imperceptible decrease in image quality.  In some cases, it does not (see the horizon line + clouds in the prairie photo below) .  Experiment with the image types that you use and please submit an issue report with examples of any images where the image quality falls short of your expectations for production ready files.

## Photography Examples

### Cat Image

- Original Size: 583,398 bytes
- Optimized Size: 196,421 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.001504

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/cat-1285634_640.png" alt="cat example pre optimization">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/cat-1285634_640-crunch.png" alt="cat example post optimization">

### Sun's Rays

- Original Size: 138,272
- Optimized Size: 64,947
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.000913

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/suns-rays-478249_640.png" alt="sun rays example pre optimization">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/suns-rays-478249_640-crunch.png" alt="sun rays example pre optimization">


### Prairie Image

- Original Size: 196,794 bytes
- Optimized Size: 77,595 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.002988

##### Original

<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/prairie-679014_640.png" alt="prarie example pre optimization">

##### Optimized

<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/prairie-679014_640-crunch.png" alt="prarie example post optimization">



## Illustration Examples

### Robot Image

- Original Size: 197,193 bytes
- Optimized Size: 67,632 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.000163

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/robot-1214536_640.png" alt="robot example pre optimization">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/robot-1214536_640-crunch.png" alt="robot example post optimization">

### Color Circle Image

- Original Size: 249,251 bytes
- Optiimized Size: 67,225 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.002503

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/colors-157474_640.png" alt="colors example pre optimization">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/colors-157474_640-crunch.png" alt="colors example post optimization">


### Flowers Image

- Original Size: 440,126 bytes
- Optimized Size: 197,045 bytes
- DSSIM similarity score: 0.000481

##### Original
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/flowers-67839_640.png" alt="748">

##### Optimized
<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/flowers-67839_640-crunch.png" alt="748">


<small>All images above were obtained from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com) and are dedicated to the public domain under the [CC0 Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).


## Usage

Drag and drop your PNG images onto the Crunch window:

<img src="https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/raw/master/img/crunch-ss.gif" alt="Crunch PNG image optimization usage" width="400">

Your optimized file is saved in the same directory as the original file with the modified path `[original filename]-crunch.png`.

## Issues

Please [create a new issue report](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/issues/new) on the Github issue tracker.

## Licenses

Crunch is licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

#### Embedded Software

pngquant is licensed under the [Gnu General Public License, version 3](https://github.com/pornel/pngquant/blob/master/COPYRIGHT).  The pngquant source code is available [here](https://github.com/pornel/pngquant).

zopflipng is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).  The zopflipng source code is available [here](https://github.com/google/zopfli).

See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) document for details and additional licensing information for this project.

## Acknowledgments

Crunch is a simple tool that makes excellent, free, open source software built by others accessible through a GUI. The hard work on the optimization engines that run Crunch have been performed by:

- Lode Vandevenne, Jyrki Alakuijala, and the [zopfli project contributors](https://github.com/google/zopfli/graphs/contributors)
- Kornel Lesiński and the [pngquant project contributors](https://github.com/kornelski/pngquant/graphs/contributors)
